Add troubleshooting doc for pvc delay binding (#111893)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-troubleshooting-pvc-binding-delay.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/troubleshooting/backup-and-restore-cr-issues.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="oadp-troubleshooting-pvc-binding-delay_{context}"]

> = PVC binding failure with waitForFirstConsumer storage class

Reviewer: How about we add gerund to highlight this is a procedure and also to match the rest of the troubleshooting modules?

```suggestion
= Troubleshooting PVC binding failures with the waitForFirstConsumer storage class
```

[role="_abstract"]

> Resolve a persistent volume claim (PVC) binding failure that occurs during restore operations when the storage class uses `waitForFirstConsumer` binding mode. This helps you ensure that restored PVCs bind to persistent volumes (PVs) successfully.

Reviewer: How about if we put the goal (the why) first?

```suggestion
To ensure that restored persistent volume claims (PVCs) successfully bind to PVs when node affinity is configured, adjust the storage class binding mode settings during restore operations.
```

188 characters

Plus we could add product name for discoverability.

```suggestion
To ensure that restored persistent volume claims (PVCs) successfully bind to PVs when node affinity is configured in {oadp-full}, adjust the storage class binding mode settings during restore operations.
```

232 characters
